=Glory Back=
=Episode 17=
My lady.
I'm Liuying. I'm here to see you.
I died miserably.
I just can't understand.
I merely lit the wrong incense.
Why did you kill me?
Since you don't understand,
I'll let you know why.
Because I needed to drink your blood
to make me stay young.
I will not rest in peace!
Give me back my life!
Stay back!
Listen to me, Liuying.
A maid's life doesn't matter.
Even dead, you're still a servant.
I'm always your master.
You can't harm me.
Is that so?
Do you enjoy the torment
of nightmares every night?
Nightmares?
Your Majesty, it's bedtime.
I don't believe
I can't beat her at this game.
(Has she been playing chess
with His Majesty all this time?)
Your Majesty, a message from the guards.
Someone claims
to have seen a female ghost.
A real ghost?
Gu Xuan witnessed it himself.
He saw the ghostly figure
heading towards Yongfu Palace.
The guards couldn't enter,
so I came immediately to report.
Set off for Yongfu Palace.
(Yongfu Palace)
I'm sorry. I was wrong.
I'll do anything you ask.
I'll satisfy you.
What I want is for you
to face retribution.
You drank my blood? Repay it with blood.
You flayed my skin? Repay it with skin.
Don't push your luck.
You're a lowly servant.
You can't harm me!
The others you killed are coming soon.
They are far more powerful than I am.
They will make you suffer a lot.
Give me back my life!
Why did you kill me?
My lady.
Shut up!
Give me back my life.
Impossible!
If you don't let me go,
I won't let any of you go either!
My lady.
I will completely disintegrate
your bones.
I'm in so much pain.
My lady.
I'll destroy you.
Why did you kill me?
I'll completely destroy you.
(Birthmark?)
What?
It's you!
Feng Qing, how dare you set me up!
My lady, you guessed correctly.
I approached you
with an ulterior motive.
I intend to expose your crimes.
All these years in the palace,
you've been pretending to be gentle.
But you have a vicious heart.
You think
human blood can help you stay young?
Look at your own face.
It's not even fit to be peeled off
and used to paper a lantern!
I'll kill you! Kill you!
I want you dead! You're dead!
Over there!
Your Majesty, over there!
Noble Lady Cao.
Die!
Seize her now!
Die! I want you dead!
Your Majesty,
please uphold justice for me.
Noble Lady Cao murdered maids
and hid their bodies in this dry well.
I discovered it.
- She tried to silence me.
- I'll kill you!
Your Majesty, three skeletons were found
at the bottom of that well.
It appears there are more below.
Noble Lady Cao,
how could you commit such heinous acts?
Is it my fault?
So many women in this harem,
fighting for the favor of just one man.
Who isn't forced into it?
There are so many in the harem.
Have they all resorted to murder?
Of course.
The only difference is
whether they got their own hands dirty.
The superiors always
trample the inferiors.
I step on these dead servants
to climb higher.
Naturally,
someone will climb over me too.
Stop making excuses for your crimes.
Today, I will make you...
And you, Noble Consort, didn't you also
rise by stepping over the late Empress?
Nonsense!
Nonsense?
The most foolish woman
in this harem was the late Empress.
She died so tragically.
Didn't she also use her own life
to pave the way for her beloved sister?
Drop the act!
Shut up!
Feng Qing.
(His Majesty cares about her so much.)
Hasn't the physician come yet?
Well...
Physician Gu has arrived.
Physician Gu.
Hurry.
How is she?
Your Majesty,
it missed vital organs,
but the injury is severe.
I'll now remove the hairpin
and bandage her.
Your Majesty, please leave.
I leave?
Do you fear my presence
will tarnish her reputation?
I fear blood splatter during removal
might displease Your Majesty.
I don't mind. Saving a life is urgent.
Come on.
You...
With Your Majesty at the bedside,
he may not have room to work.
Saving her is paramount now.
Once Feng Qing wakes,
I'll immediately let Your Majesty know.
Your Majesty!
Guards at Yongfu Palace
have unearthed several more skeletons.
You guard outside the door.
No one enters.
Yes.
You defied His Majesty
for this palace maid.
Why do you always
fall for those you shouldn't?
I was ordered to treat Head Feng.
There's no affection involved.
Please watch your words.
Fine, let me tell you this.
When Feng Qing was injured,
His Majesty personally carried her here.
His Majesty cares about her very much.
I don't care
what feelings you had for her before,
but from now on,
you must stay away from her.
Why must it be me?
He is an Emperor,
and you're his subject.
You want to fight him for a woman?
Do you want to die?
My life is not Your Highness's concern.
Whatever I choose,
I won't implicate Your Highness.
Gu Xuan,
do you realize what you're saying?
You were adopted by my family,
but we grew up as siblings.
After Qing died,
I regarded you as my only family.
Yinsheng.
Her Highness ordered ginseng soup
for Feng Qing.
Come with me to the kitchen.
Yes.
Why can't you listen to me?
Since His Majesty cares for her,
he will soon make her his concubine.
I gave up once before.
Had I confessed to Qing sooner,
she might not have married His Majesty.
This time, I won't give up again.
Enough! Get out!
Without summons,
you're banned from coming here.
Quite formidable, Your Highness.
Cao Zhen committed such crimes.
His Majesty won't let this go.
Your Highness,
keep the Empress's Seal safe.
♪A vow leaves a lifetime of shame♪
♪How can I face it again♪
♪Through wind and snow,
I journey without regret♪
(How could Xuan feel this way about me?)
(All these years, I've never noticed.)
(Now I see him as an ally.)
(How could he
have such feelings for me?)
♪Wake to see once more♪
Based on the unearthed skeletons,
Cao Zhen murdered nine palace maids,
bringing in vengeful spirits.
I entrusted you with the Empress's Seal,
yet you're so negligent.
Your Majesty,
don't be mad. It's all my fault.
Feng Qing is here.
I'm here specifically
to confess my guilt.
No need to kneel.
You are injured.
Palace maid, grant her a seat.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Since you're here to confess,
what did you do?
I accidentally discovered
Cao Zhen's crimes at Yongfu Palace.
My conscience compelled me
to pose as an avenging spirit,
exposing her misdeeds publicly.
By your account, it seems
the Imperial Guards are incompetent,
and the Palace Service Bureau is inept,
forcing a palace maid to uphold justice.
Do you fancy yourself a heroine?
Cao Zhen acted covertly.
Without proof,
how could I dare accuse her?
Thus, I had to pretend to be a ghost
to prompt an investigation.
I believe
Your Majesty will surely
avenge the deaths of innocent people.
So I should reward you for exposing her?
But why do you confess?
Cao Zhen has paid for her crimes.
I also broke palace rules
and must answer for it.
Fair point.
If truly remorseful, you know
you've committed a capital crime.
Or do you gamble
that I enjoy playing chess with you
and will spare you,
so you compromise to get your way?
It's not like that.
I deserve whatever punishment
Your Majesty thinks is right.
Your Majesty,
this palace maid acted recklessly,
but she exposed Cao Zhen and saved me.
So she did good things.
Could you please forgive her then?
No way.
Cao Zhen got what she deserved.
You're negligent and should be punished.
Retrieve the Empress's Seal
and hand it to Noble Concubine De.
As for you,
you exposed crimes.
So I'll confer upon you the title of...
Wait.
I'm grateful for Your Majesty's favor
in making me a chess attendant.
Chess attendant?
Your Majesty intended to grant
this position to me when I won by luck.
At that time, I did not dare accept it.
Since Your Majesty wants to reward me,
I'll gratefully accept the position now.
Good. Very good.
You shall temporarily reside
at Lanzhi Palace to heal.
After recovery,
you'll work at Wende Hall.
Take care, Your Majesty.
I'll live temporarily at Lanzhi Palace.
Sorry to disturb Your Highness.
You saved me.
Naturally, I must take good care of you.
Yinsheng, escort her back to her room.
Yes.
(She plays hard to get with His Majesty)
(and makes Xuan infatuated with her.)
(Feng Qing is truly sophisticated.)
Is there really a woman in this world
unwilling to accept my conferment?
Every woman
in the harem longs for my favor.
Yet she actually defied me twice.
Twice!
Yes, twice.
With her clever mind,
she must know my intentions.
She just relies on my fondness
for her to defy me again and again.
Your Majesty, then...
Is she not afraid
I might chop off her head?
Chop off her head?
Chop it!
Your Majesty, do you truly intend
to chop off Miss Feng's head?
I mean, you chop down this tree!
Can't you see it's blocking the light?
I'll keep her alive for now.
Chop it down.
Let me see what she will do next.
♪Once a lonely sail,
without a guiding light♪
♪With the warmth you lent me,
how could I fear loneliness♪
♪Day and night together,
sharing joys and sorrows♪
♪Searching all under heaven,
my heart won't change♪
♪Fate in haste, looking back
countless times, you swayed for me♪
♪Among a vast sea of people,
faintly seeing the old self♪
♪Scenery along the way,
looking back, love finds its echo♪
♪Watching the bustling world together,
we write more verses♪